this is something since taking office in
2017 Donald Trump has now made more than
13,000 false or misleading claims that
doesn't even count the ones he tells
Melania at home he's averaging an
incredible 13.5 false claims per day
that's like a live per diet coke for him
and forget like 13,000 is a lot of times
to do anything in three I don't think I
I don't think I've had water 13,000
times in the last three years although
in fairness to Trump most of the lives
were the same four lives over and over
again the walls being built he's done
more than any president he hasn't done
anything illegal and he's a stable
genius maybe we should stop counting
counting lies makes us sound like nerds
first of all and second it doesn't
change anyone's mind I mean do you think
what's the plan Trump's gonna hit 15,000
and suddenly your uncle will say Wow
okay that's enough I'm for Elizabeth
Warren now he like it's what he does he
tried telling the truth once didn't like
the way he felt never did it again
many of the presidents false claims
lately have been about Joe Biden's son
Hunter and his work with a gas company
in Ukraine hunter Biden had an interview
with ABC news this morning in which he
admitted he probably wouldn't have been
asked to serve on the board of that
company if his father wasn't vice
president unlike Ivanka Trump who earned
her role in the White House on the
merits of her line of stylish pumps but
team Trump has been spreading all sorts
of unproven nonsense about hunter Biden
and I don't get that I mean why would
they align themselves with these
conspiracy theories when they could just
point out that hunter Biden is a 49 year
old man who wears two bracelets I mean
for me that's all I need to know this
Ukraine storm is not letting up we
learned from testimony yesterday that
Trump's former national security adviser
John Bolton was so concerned about
Trump's little arm twist in Ukraine he
told the senior director for Russian
affairs to report it to White House
lawyers Bolton was apparently no fan of
Rudy Giuliani's he reportedly called him
a hand grenade that was going to blow
everyone up and that he would not be
part of whatever drug deal Trump's team
was cooking up in Ukraine and this
surprised me because I mean who could
have predicted that this guy was unhappy
with Trump called resting it's
like being followed around by a
disappointed sheriff from the Old West
as for Rudy Giuliani he announced today
that he will not comply with the
subpoena from Congress and he has parted
ways with his attorney says he doesn't
need an attorney all he needs is love
and and cigarettes to use as money in
prison and with all this going on where
the hell is Trump's former press
secretary Sean Spicer
[Music]
[Applause]
judge visor is so happy to not be in the
White House anymore that that wasn't
even for the show he was just dancing
but the president does need Sean Spicer
right now he has the best people
defending him people like his
daughter-in-law Lera Trump bride of Eric
who shared this insightful take on the
president's decision to pull troops out
of Syria president Trump's acquiescence
to turkeys move to send troops deep
inside Syrian territory has only in only
one weeks time turned into a bloody
carnage forced the abandonment of a
successful five-year long American
project to keep the peace on a volatile
border and given an unanticipated
victory - for American adversaries
Russia Iran the Syrian government and
the Islamic state your response tonight
well Shannon I think we should start
with the fact that if you ask the
average American out there I think they
would have to Google who are the Kurds
and why is America even over there
fighting this war yeah they'd also have
the Google who is the heartless imbecile
with lip injections on my TV right now
and if they get slaughtered
Isis moves in so they're really scraping
the bottom of the Trump family barrel on
the news congratulations on making it to
the end of the YouTube video why not
celebrate by clicking the subscribe
button you earned it